\begin{abstract}
This covers the project of a course in distributed systems (D7024E)
given at Lule√• Tekniska Universitet (LTU). The students are introduced
to a distributed system principle (Kademlia) which is used in practice
by Ethereum, BitTorrent, IPFS and more. Kademlia is to be implemented
throughout this project in Google-go as well as Docker. During the first
week it was concluded that all mandatory objectives is to be completed
during the first sprint, this includes a CLI that supports the following
commands get (retrieve
object), put (upload object) and exit (terminate node) as well RPCs for
lookup node, pinging, network joining, store value, find value and 50\%
test coverage. At the end of the first sprint most of the mandatory
objectives were complete or the majority of the objectives had been
fulfilled. For the second sprint it was concluded that any remaining
mandatory objectives were to be fulfilled and all qualifying objectives
except for concurrency were to be fulfilled. This includes a RESTful api
for future web application intergration as well as time-to-live (TTL)
functionality to allow objects to silently be deleted if instructed to
stop refreshing the TTL and at least 80\% test coverage. At the end of 
sprint 2 all mandatory objectives were completed and almost a 100\% test
coverage was reached. However the RESTful api and TTL functionality had
to be reconsidered and was not implemented during this project.
\end{abstract}
